As a <Role> I want <goal>so that <benefit/expected outcome >

The written text must address the “who (role)”, “what (goal)” and “why (benefits)” of the story.


user stories _______

 1) As a digest recipient, I want to read an inspirational quote so that I have something to ponder throughout my day. 
 2)As a digest recipient, I'll also want to know the weather forecast so I know how to dress.
 3)As a digest recipient, I want to know what's currently trending on Twitter so I can stay hip and relevant to keep up with what's happening in the world.
 4) as a digest recipient, I want to learn random facts so I can get a little bit smarter every day.

  as admin ---------
  1) as admin ,i want to curate the content to include so that i can create the best experience for my digest recipient.
  2) As an admin, I'll also want to control when the email will be sent. So it arrives with relevant information to prepare recipients for their day ahead.
3)as an admin,i want to add and remove recipient so that i can control who recieves the daily digest email.

---use cases ------

#
#requirements that shoftware Must Do !!

For example, 
1)my daily digest application must generate a random inspirational quote. 
2)The application must also retrieve current weather forecast information for a specified location, 
3)retrieve current Twitter trends and retrieve a random Wikipedia article. 
4)It must format that content into an email and then send that email to a specified list of recipients.


functional requirements for admin
  It should enable the admin to configure which content sources to include in the email digest, 
  it should enable the admin to add recipients to the distribution list as well as remove recipients. each, here, represents a single capability. 
  My application will also need to enable the admin to schedule a reoccurring daily time to send the email digest as well as configure the email account credentials for sending the email.

  (Notice that I did not combine add and remove recipients into a single requirement, which might seem natural to do, because add and remove operations typically accompany each other. That said, they are distinctly different operations, which is why I split them apart here. )

@@@
none functional requirement 
how should it do it??

1)configurable using admin gui
2)Extensible to add more content types
3)resilient to conntent error